Hahaha
Ah!
The groom came
Oh, Mr. Hu
You are a living Buddha
Is it right?
Get away from me
Your water is not for sale.
Why don't you let us get water?
You are too domineering
Yeah, so domineering, oh my god
Police card, you are suspected of stealing something from your house
Now people are dirty
See what kind of explanation you give me.
How is that possible?
These are dowry gifts for my daughter
How could it be stolen?
Only I, the Li family, have the master of this entire Qingshan Town
If you hadn't stolen it
Where does my water come from?
These are my own things
And I've never stolen anything.
Since you think I'm stealing
Please show me the evidence.
You obviously stole from my house
How dare you quibble, stop talking nonsense
Take him away
Supreme pick up
You can't arrest Brother Wu
Brother Wu definitely didn't steal anything, I can prove it.
Prove my shit
Go away and take the water away from me
He sent us this water.
Why do you take it away
This is not allowed to be taken away
No one can take this water away
Let go of my boss
Are you going to rebel?
Get out of the way
attack day
You're taking a big gamble with guns
Is there any king's law?
Wang Fa Laozi Li Jiahao is Wang Fa
Anyone who dares to stand in the way will be beaten to death